what is up bees and Jesus is yoely from
retard maple and as you can see my
Kaiser is actually a lot lower of a
level than it was in my last video
that's because there was a rollback so
if you haven't been on maplestory today
go check it out you might be rolled back
to I'm super pit I'm joking i did was no
robot this is just a long time ago and
i'm doing monster park PQ in this in
this video with two other random people
and yeah there's actually a pretty
decent experience at the time um but
anyways what I actually want to talk
about is nexon people who complain and
me complaining to necks on here we go so
um while back we all know that there was
this patch really big patch came out
with the Big Bang it's called Big Bang
the petrous the petrous big bang and
this patch changed a lot in the maple
world made leveling insanely easy and I
loved it it was awesome it was so easy
level up before it would take literally
like months to get to like level 50 or
maybe yeah if you're like slow you take
a long time to get to level 50 and it
would like near impossible to get to
like 200 it was just it was crazy it was
insane to level up um and that Big Bang
came along fixed it fixed it right on up
did some things that piss me off like
put cool on genesis that pissed hell out
of me because i was a bishop and it it
just made leveling easily easy it moved
around a lot of cities and changed the
map layouts a lot of maps and whatnot
but again most importantly it it made
leveling easy and i don't know why
people complained that it was too easy
level up people were mad that it was too
easy to level up these idiots he's
morons were complaining that it was too
easy to level up how can you complain
about that
first off there are places where you can
go to make it extremely difficult for
you to level up you could have just done
that instead we get this patch that just
came out unleashed unleashed again one
of one of a bait one of the big
maplestory patches just released the
other week or last week and what it did
was make it harder to level up not not
pre-big bang level harder to level up
but still pretty damn difficult are not
difficult but just it just takes a
little bit longer and it sucks so much
because there's no way to counter it you
can go for 2x and whatnot but i don't
want to pay an axe yeah there's no way
to counter it once Big Bang came out you
could counter leveling up too fast by
training somewhere or doing quests or
something like that and you'll level up
a lot slower if that's what you want if
you want to challenge for some reason
you find that to be a challenge level of
so slower all you can do all you had to
do was uh what was the train somewhere
that gave crappy experience now good
experience is not given anywhere so now
we're stuck with this lazy ass or just
slow ass leveling system and I'm pissed
off pissed off all who
decided to complain the next time you
bastards you selfish selfish bastards I
have things to do I don't want to
freaking stayed sad and level up all day
I want to free could go outside and
explore the one wonderfulness that is
the world it's so bright shining it's
actually it's really hot today so I'm
probably not gonna go outside but yeah
the hell gasps why you guys complaining
it was maplestory was so good LHC
perfect i love LHC i love my train this
was my training gun any job no matter
the funding it would be level 1 to 10
just do google quest 10 to 20 or maybe
maybe I'll 10 to 20 it's called 10 to 15
really blue ribbon pigs 15 to 30
skellies and then i would go to cds for
a little bit for maybe to like level 45
ish
sooner like maybe 40 go around there
then I go to scarecrows scarecrows to
like level 60 maybe maybe 50 jesters all
the way to level like 80 mp3 to 90 90 to
110 or 120 it go to aliens and then LHC
all the way to the level 165 165 28 180
Ella second drill hall 80 to 200 Hall of
Honor that's all you had to do now you
have to go PQ's you guys go evil lab you
gotta go freaking monster park PQ you
gotta go in and out you gotta go Louie
British confusing and it's stupid I
don't like it I hate Unleashed so far
I'm not a fan of Unleashed if you
couldn't tell I'm not a fan of the
douchebags complaining that my blisters
too easy make it easier make it easier
to exercise its games too damn time
consuming right now but yeah anyways
guys hope you enjoyed the video Samantha
have a good date peace
you